friends of techno mercy subscribers
today we bring you an application
good in an application itself but a
function that by default ios5 and so
so much help 6 how good it is rather
is this is a function that the truth
quite pretty good since it costs
many apple devices are us
they work or they decomposed what their
home button and this function this is going to
allow us to have a button
home without needing to download a useful
decided an application of installed
good gentlemen let's start with this
the truth seems to me a
as a pretty good enough function already
that as I told many
devices do not work what their
Hop button and good to activate it
first we are going to enter settings
let's wait for it to load
let's go to general
and we're going to go down and go to
enter accessibility
and they are going to show us several options but
we're going to go down and we're going to give
click where it says that way step touch
how good they come here I have it
deactivated but let's activate it and
let's wait for him to ride
good gentlemen as there they see us appears
what it is
a small box with a circle that
simulate what the com button is that the
truth is very good let's see here
we can see the button with start that
it works quite enough they had as they see
look
start
and good here also after what they are
favorites that is like a
personalization of
of some gestures that we can
include in what is this function where
some gestures the few gestures
we can how much you forgive we can
use for different gestures and
different functions as you see here
we have five fingers two fingers with three
fingers and four fingers this well for
move from application to application or
page or tab in safari when it is
there are devices here that are
as quick accesses as you see here
to create screen to unlock that
this function of being able to rotate the screen
that can block the screen that I just
to block
and we also have what it is to go up and
lower volume that the truth is quite
pretty good
and well, here I have this function
that the truth works very well and what
best of all, we do not have to
turn off or download a sloppy tweet or something
of this light so this comes by
no one's fault is it seems a
pretty pretty good and good function
gentlemen this is all I just wanted
show them this function since I
it seemed quite interesting and good
this is all do not forget to subscribe
like to comment below and recommend it
with your friends so that this community
of technology in Spanish continue to grow
day to day good gentlemen this is all
remember that these videos are for
you and for you dance